README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<img src="./src-tauri/icons/icon.png" alt="Clash" width="128" />
<h3>
Gui configuration for <a href="https://github.com/HaoboGu/rmk">RMK</a> based on <a href="https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri">Tauri</a> and <a href="https://github.com/nuxt/nuxt">Nuxt</a>
<h3>
</div>

## Warn

本项目当前正处于史诗级屎山构建阶段, 建议您保持安全距离观赏.

This project is currently in the process of building an epic-level shit mountain. It is recommended to observe from a safe distance.

## Preview

| Home                                | Keymap                                |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| ![preview](./docs/preview_home.png) | ![preview](./docs/preview_keymap.png) |

It is still in the early stages of development, and the preview images only represent the current state.

## Install

Go to the release page to download the corresponding installation package
Supports Windows (x64/x86), Linux (x64/arm64) and macOS 10.15+ (intel/apple).

## Features

- Based on Rust and Tauri2 frameworks.
- Concise and modern user interface.
- Support for Windows, macOS, and Linux.

## Development

Make sure you have Rust and Node.js installed on your system.

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/liyang8246/rmk-gui.git
   cd rmk-gui
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```
3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   pnpm dev
   ```
4. Build the application:
   ```bash
   pnpm build
   ```

## Roadmap

Too many to write

## Acknowledgement

RMK-GUI was based on or inspired by these projects and so on:

- [Tauri](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri) A framework for building tiny, fast binaries for all major desktop and mobile platforms.
- [Nuxt](https://github.com/nuxt/nuxt) An open source framework that makes web development intuitive and powerful.
- [Vial-gui](https://github.com/vial-kb/vial-gui) An open-source cross-platform (Windows, Linux and Mac) GUI and a QMK fork for configuring your keyboard in real time.
- [RMK](https://github.com/HaoboGu/rmk) Rust keyboard firmware library with layers, macros, real-time keymap editing, wireless(BLE) and split support.

## License

RMK-GUI is licensed under either of

- Apache License, Version 2.0 (LICENSE-APACHE or [http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0))
- MIT license (LICENSE-MIT or [http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT))

at your option.

Commit message:

Refactor
- Replaced legacy components with PrimeVue
- WebHID (browser) + Rust-HID (desktop) for cross-platform support
- Moved most of features to TypeScript

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<img src="./src-tauri/icons/icon.png" alt="Clash" width="128" />
<h3>
Gui configuration for <a href="https://github.com/HaoboGu/rmk">RMK</a> based on <a href="https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri">Tauri</a> and <a href="https://github.com/nuxt/nuxt">Nuxt</a>
<h3>
</div>

## Warn

本项目当前正处于史诗级屎山构建阶段, 建议您保持安全距离观赏.

This project is currently in the process of building an epic-level shit mountain. It is recommended to observe from a
safe distance.

## Install

Go to the release page to download the corresponding installation package Supports Windows (x64/x86), Linux (x64/arm64)
and macOS 10.15+ (intel/apple).

## Features

- Based on Rust and Tauri2 frameworks.
- Concise and modern user interface.
- Support for Windows, macOS, and Linux.

## Development

Make sure you have Rust and Node.js installed on your system.

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/liyang8246/rmk-gui.git
   cd rmk-gui
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```
3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   pnpm dev
   ```
4. Build the application:
   ```bash
   pnpm build
   ```

## Roadmap

Too many to write

## Acknowledgement

RMK-GUI was based on or inspired by these projects and so on:

- [Tauri](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri) A framework for building tiny, fast binaries for all major desktop and
  mobile platforms.
- [Nuxt](https://github.com/nuxt/nuxt) An open source framework that makes web development intuitive and powerful.
- [PrimeVue](https://github.com/primefaces/primevue) A free open-source Vue 3 UI component library with rich features.
- [Vial-gui](https://github.com/vial-kb/vial-gui) An open-source cross-platform (Windows, Linux and Mac) GUI and a QMK
  fork for configuring your keyboard in real time.
- [RMK](https://github.com/HaoboGu/rmk) Rust keyboard firmware library with layers, macros, real-time keymap editing,
  wireless(BLE) and split support.

## License

RMK-GUI is licensed under either of

- Apache License, Version 2.0 (LICENSE-APACHE or
  [http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0))
- MIT license (LICENSE-MIT or [http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT))

at your option.
